exercise can be done in 6-bourse
1) Functionality with app structure(1-7) can be done an about 3-3.5 hours.
2) Functionality with trip(8-10) can bee done about 1.5-2 h

3) and 1 hour left on soap
If you good in that you can do it!!!
)))

1) Soap parsing (No)
2) Identifying available currencies
Mr. Smart is not aware of the complete set of available currencies in the world. To identify the list of currencies, he navigates his browser to a page in the application that presents him with a list of the available currencies.
(done)
3) Identifying the countries that offer a particular currency
Mr. Smart decides to collect a particular currency. He indicates to the application the currency he is interested in and is presented with a list of countries offering that currency.
(done)
4) Tracking visited countries
Mr. Smart selects a currency from the application. He is presented with a list of countries. He then selects the countries that he has visited for that currency.
(done)
5) Identifying the remaining countries from the currency list
Mr. Smart navigates his browser to a page in the application that presents him with a list of available currencies. For each currency, the page also displays the number of countries that are available for the currency, and the number of remaining countries to be visited.
(done)
Next Steps:

6) Filtering currencies from the list
Mr. Smart navigates his browser to a page in the application that presents him with a list of all available currencies in the world. He is able to toggle the view, limiting the display of currencies to those that still have countries to visit.
(Done )
7) Tracking trips to specific countries
Mr. Smart wants to enter his trip itinerary instead of selecting the currencies and then the countries he visited. Whenever he visits a country, he collects all of the currencies associated with that country.
(Done)
8)In the application, he navigates to a travel itinerary page in the application and enters a brief trip description (i.e. description, date). He then enters in the various countries he has visited on his trip. Each currency associated with a particular country is marked as being collected when the trip itinerary is completed.
9) Listing trips made
Mr. Smart wants to be more efficient in his travels. He navigates to a list of trips he has made. The page displays the number of countries he visited and the dates the trips were made.

And Then:
Mr. Wicked already has a private currency collection. Upon learning of Mr. Smart’s quest to build the same thing, he be-friends Smart into letting him track his progress in your application. Wicked begins unselecting the countries Smart has visited. As a result, another feature request comes your way.

Auth on cite
10) Allow writable access to the country selections
Mr. Smart identifies himself with the application. Upon successfully identifying himself with the application, he is able to navigate into a particular currency’s list of countries and indicate he has visited those countries.
Allow read only access to the country selections
Mr. Wicked navigates into a particular currency’s list of countries. He is not required to identify himself with the application. He is able to view the countries that have been visited, but is not able to change anything.